README.markdown, before:

# Hashtag retweet bot

A bot that retweets all tweets tagged by a certain hashtag. Ideal for conferences, meetup groups, communities, etc.

As an example, let's say you want to retweet every twitt found with the hashtag #icecream every 5 minutes (300 seconds). This ruby gem will let you do it as easily as running:

    hashtag_retweet_bot icecream 300

## Installation

    gem install jaimeiniesta-hashtag_retweet_bot --source http://gems.github.com

Create the database:

    mysqladmin create my_conference_db

Create a directory where you will run the bot from, and a config directory with 2 files in it: _database.yml_ for your database settings and _bot.yml_ for the login/password of the twitter account.

    mkdir -p bot_for_my_conference/config
    cd config/bot_for_my_conference
    touch database.yml bot.yml

Put the credentials for the twitter account in _bot.yml_:

    login: my_conference_bot
    password: secret

Put the database connection attributes in _database.yml_:

    adapter: mysql
    username: root
    host: localhost
    password:
    database: my_conference_db

And create the table on the database that will hold the tweets:

    hashtag_retweet_bot create_db_table

## Run it

Now the only thing left to do is running the bot, telling it what tag to follow, like that:

    hashtag_retweet_bot tag_to_follow

This will launch the bot with a default pause of 180 seconds. If you want a different time schedule you can specify other value for the seconds parameter, but I've experienced Twitter connection problems when trying to update every 60 seconds or less:

    hashtag_retweet_bot tag_to_follow seconds_between_updates

Example:

    hashtag_retweet_bot icecream
    hashtag_retweet_bot icecream 240

## Live examples

Some twitterbots using hashtag_retweet_bot:

[@euruko_bot](http://twitter.com/euruko_bot)
[@confrorbot](http://twitter.com/confrorbot)

## Credits

Original idea and script by [Mark Connell](http://github.com/mconnell) for Scotland on Rails 2009. Customization for Euruko '09, and some improvements by [Jaime Iniesta](http://github.com/jaimeiniesta). Some improvements and gemification by [Balint Erdi](http://github.com/balinterdi). 

Please send feedback and bug reports to <jaimeiniesta@gmail.com>

Commit message:

minor modifs to the README (adding the budapest.rb to the "live examples" section)
Signed-off-by: Balint Erdi <balint.erdi@gmail.com>

README.markdown, after:

# Hashtag retweet bot

A bot that retweets all tweets tagged by a certain hashtag. Ideal for conferences, meetup groups, communities, etc.

As an example, let's say you want to retweet every tweet found with the hashtag #icecream every 5 minutes (300 seconds). This ruby gem will let you do it as easily as running:

    hashtag_retweet_bot icecream 300

## Installation

    gem install balinterdi-hashtag_retweet_bot --source http://gems.github.com

Create the database:

    mysqladmin create my_conference_db

Create a directory where you will run the bot from, and a config directory with 2 files in it: _database.yml_ for your database settings and _bot.yml_ for the login/password of the twitter account.

    mkdir -p bot_for_my_conference/config
    cd config/bot_for_my_conference
    touch database.yml bot.yml

Put the credentials for the twitter account in _bot.yml_:

    login: my_conference_bot
    password: secret

Put the database connection attributes in _database.yml_:

    adapter: mysql
    username: root
    host: localhost
    password:
    database: my_conference_db

And create the table on the database that will hold the tweets:

    hashtag_retweet_bot create_db_table

## Run it

Now the only thing left to do is running the bot, telling it what tag to follow, like that:

    hashtag_retweet_bot tag_to_follow

This will launch the bot with a default pause of 180 seconds. If you want a different time schedule you can specify other value for the seconds parameter, but I've experienced Twitter connection problems when trying to update every 60 seconds or less:

    hashtag_retweet_bot tag_to_follow seconds_between_updates

Example:

    hashtag_retweet_bot icecream
    hashtag_retweet_bot icecream 240

## Live examples

Some twitterbots using hashtag_retweet_bot:

[@euruko_bot](http://twitter.com/euruko_bot)
[@confrorbot](http://twitter.com/confrorbot)
[The bot for the Budapest Ruby User Group](http://twitter.com/budapestrb)

## Credits

Original idea and script by [Mark Connell](http://github.com/mconnell) for Scotland on Rails 2009. Customization for Euruko '09, and some improvements by [Jaime Iniesta](http://github.com/jaimeiniesta). Some improvements and gemification by [Balint Erdi](http://github.com/balinterdi).

Please send feedback and bug reports to <balint.erdi@gmail.com>
